You have a Fabric warehouse that contains the following data.

| Table name      | Primary key                | Foreign key                              |
|-----------------|----------------------------|------------------------------------------|
| Customer        | CustomerlD                 | SalesRegion.SalesRegionlD               |
| CustomerAddress | Customerl, AddressID       | Customer.CustomerlD, Address.AddresslD  |
| Address         | AddresslD                  | None                                    |
| SalesRegion     | SalesRegionlD             | None                                    |


The data has the following characteristics:
- Each customer is assigned a unique CustomerID value.
- Each customer is associated to a single SalesRegion value.
- Each customer is associated to a single CustomerAddress value.
- The Customer table contains 5 million rows.
- All foreign key values are non-null.
You need to create a view to denormalize the data into a customer dimension that contains one row per distinct CustomerID value. The solution must minimize query processing time and resources.
How should you complete the T-SQL statement? To answer, select the appropriate options in the answer area.
NOTE: Each correct selection is worth one point.

Create View DimCustomer AS
Select
C. CustomerID,
C. Customertlame ,
C. Companytlame,
SR. SalesRegion,
A.City,
A. StateProvince,
A. CountryRegion,
A. PostalCode
from SalesLT .Customer C
_____________
SalesLT.SalesRegion SR on C.Sa1esRegionID - SR. SalesRegionID
inner join [SalesLT] . [CustomerAddress] CA on CA. customerid = C.customerid
inner join [SalesLTJ . (Address) A on _____________
where CA.AddressType = 'Main Office'

Answer 1:
- full outer join
- inner join
- left outer join (correct)

Answer 2:
- A.AddresslD = CA.AddresslD (correct)
- C.AddresslD = CA.AddresslD
- C.CustomerlD = A.CustomerlD